Nos évènements – Les Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter Nos évènements Le Cabaret des Bains SAMEDI 8 FÉVRIER 2025, rendez-vous dès 19h30 au Pavillon Des Bains à Mers-Les-Bains (80) pour voyager avec la troupe « les petites folies » avec leur spectacle « le merveilleux tour du monde » Lieu : Pavillon des Bains – Mers-Les-Bains (face au Cinéma)Date : 8 février 2025 à partir de 19h30. plus d'infos Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquerLes Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter LES ÉPHÉMÈRES PARTENAIRE de vos évènements ! Notre agence est experte dans l’organisation et la gestion d’évènements d’entreprise ou pour le grand public. Notre prochain évènement Voir ce qu'on met ici ! Des événement inédits Une programmation variée Une équipe polyvalente Agence en pleine évolution nos prestations : afterworks Afterworks évènements entreprises évènements entreprise évènements grand public évènements grand public ILS NOUS FONT CONFIANCE : NEWSLETTER Inscrivez-vous pour recevoir toutes nos dernières actualités, des promotions exclusives, et surtout ne rien rater de nos prochains évènements ! Laissez ce champ vide si vous êtes humain : Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquerLe Cabaret des bains – Pavillon des bains, Mers-Les-Bains – Les Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter Le Cabaret des Bains - Pavillon des bains, Mers-Les-Bains Venez voyager avec la troupe « les petites folies » avec leur spectacle « le merveilleux tour du monde »Suivi d’une soirée dansante animée par un DJ DATE : 8 Février à partir de 19h30Lieu : Pavillon des Bains, Mers-Les-Bains (face au cinéma) Réserver votre billet en ligne ou à l'espace culturel d'étalondes Vente de billets en ligne Besoin de reseignements ? Contactez-nous ! Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquerLes Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter LES ÉPHÉMÈRES PARTENAIRE de vos évènements ! Notre agence est experte dans l’organisation et la gestion d’évènements d’entreprise ou pour le grand public. Notre prochain évènement Voir ce qu'on met ici ! Des événement inédits Une programmation variée Une équipe polyvalente Agence en pleine évolution nos prestations : afterworks Afterworks évènements entreprises évènements entreprise évènements grand public évènements grand public ILS NOUS FONT CONFIANCE : NEWSLETTER Inscrivez-vous pour recevoir toutes nos dernières actualités, des promotions exclusives, et surtout ne rien rater de nos prochains évènements ! Laissez ce champ vide si vous êtes humain : Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquerQui sommes-nous ? – Les Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter Qui sommes-nous ? Notre association a été créée en 2017, l’objectif étant de développer la culture dans le secteur rural en proposant des évènements inédits dans des lieux insolites. Depuis 2017, Les Éphémères ont rassemblé des centaines de personnes lors de leurs soirées, animées par des dj ou des groupes de musique. Le public a toujours été agréablement surpris de découvrir des événements nouveaux, chez lui. Les deux amis, créateurs de l’association avaient cependant un autre objectif, la réalisation d’un festival. Une soirée réussie en bord de mer à Mers-Les-Bains, un public demandeur et des soutiens locaux donneront lieu à la naissance de l’EFFET.MER Festival. La première édition aura lieu en Août 2022, un événement à ne pas manquer ! Conscient de la richesse du patrimoine industriel et naturel, l’association prévoit d’organiser d’autres événements dans des lieux insolites, afin de mettre en avant cette richesse locale. De nombreuses idées n’ont pas encore vu le jour, alors suivez-nous pour ne rien rater. Vous souhaitez plus d’informations, ou soutenir les projets de notre association ? N’hésitez pas, soutenez la culture, contactez-nous ! NOUS CONTACTER Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquerNous contacter – Les Éphémères – Agence événementiel Aller au contenu Menu Fermer Nous contacter Menu Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Accueil Nos évènements Qui sommes-nous ? Nous contacter Nom Adresse e-mail Téléphone Objet de votre demande Votre message En cochant cette case et en soumettant ce formulaire, j'accepte que mes données personnelles soient utilisées pour me recontacter dans le cadre de ma demande indiquée dans ce formulaire. Aucun autre traitement ne sera effectué avec mes informations. Des soirées inédites, dans des lieux insolites. Accueil Nous contacter Nos évènements Copyright © 2025 Les Éphémères – Made with ❤ by Estate Agency Nous utilisons des cookies sur notre site Web pour vous offrir l'expérience la plus pertinente en mémorisant vos préférences et vos visites répétées. En cliquant sur "Accepter tout", vous consentez à l'utilisation de TOUS les cookies.Accepter toutManage consent Fermer Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Toujours activé Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDuréeDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Enregistrer & appliquer